Go: Add query for redundant calls to recover (#147)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/2020-05-18-redundant-recover.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * A new query go/redundant-recover has been added to detect redundant calls to recover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new query "Redundant call to recover" (`go/redundant-recover`) has been added. The query detects calls to `recover` that have no effect.
```
Small suggestions (feel free to edit!) to:
- Add the query name as well as the ID. 
- Include a bit more detail in the description.
